RESERVE BANK OF INDIA
Department of Non-Banking Regulation
Mumbai Regional Office

---

CERTIFICATE OF REGISTRATION

Registration No.: N-14.03268

Date of Issue: October 20, 2015

---

This is to certify that:

FINSERVE CAPITAL LIMITED
Registered Office: 402, Sunshine Tower, Nariman Point, Mumbai - 400021
Corporate Identity Number: U65990MH2015PLC264789

is registered with the Reserve Bank of India under Section 45-IA of the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934 as a Non-Banking Financial Company to commence/carry on business of Non-Banking Financial Institution without accepting public deposits.

CLASSIFICATION: Non-Banking Financial Company - Investment and Credit Company (NBFC-ICC)

This Certificate of Registration is granted subject to the following conditions:

1. The Company shall comply with all the directions issued by the Reserve Bank of India under Section 45JA, Section 45L and Section 45M of the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934.

2. The Company shall maintain the Net Owned Funds of not less than Rs. 2 Crores (Rupees Two Crores only) at all times. Any erosion in the Net Owned Funds below the minimum prescribed limit shall be reported to the Regional Office of the Reserve Bank of India within fifteen days from the date of such erosion.

3. The Company shall comply with the prudential norms relating to income recognition, accounting standards, asset classification and provisioning for bad and doubtful debts as applicable to it in terms of Non-Banking Financial (Non-Deposit Accepting or Holding) Companies Prudential Norms (Reserve Bank) Directions, 2007 or such other directions as may be issued by the Bank from time to time.

4. The Company shall maintain Capital to Risk-weighted Assets Ratio (CRAR) consisting of Tier I and Tier II Capital of not less than 15 per cent. Any decline in CRAR below the minimum prescribed limit shall be reported to the Regional Office of the Reserve Bank of India within fifteen days from the date of such decline.

5. The Company shall comply with 'Fair Practices Code' as per the Guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India from time to time.

6. The Company shall submit to the Bank the annual audited balance sheet, Profit & Loss Account and the Auditor's Report within 3 months from the end of the relative financial year, duly certified by the statutory auditor that the Company has compiled with the provisions of the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934 and the directions issued by the Bank.

7. The Company shall comply with the 'Know Your Customer' (KYC) guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India from time to time for prevention of money laundering and combating financing of terrorism.

8. The Company shall submit statistical returns to the Reserve Bank of India as prescribed from time to time.

9. The Company shall ensure that the assets and income of the Company are primarily derived from 'financial activity' as defined under Section 45-I(c) of the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934.

10. The Company shall not accept public deposits as defined under Section 45-I(bb) of the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934 unless and until specific permission is granted by the Reserve Bank of India to accept public deposits.

11. The Company shall obtain prior approval from the Reserve Bank of India for:
    (a) Change in the name of the NBFC
    (b) Change in the Memorandum of Association with regard to main objects
    (c) Change in the shareholding pattern affecting control, either directly or indirectly, in excess of 26% of the paid-up equity capital of the NBFC
    (d) Acquisition of control of the NBFC by any other entity/person
    (e) Voluntary winding up of the Company

12. The Company shall ensure that its Board of Directors has at least two Non-Executive Directors when the Chairman is an Executive Director OR the Board should have at least one-third of its total number of directors as Independent Directors.

13. The Company shall comply with all instructions, guidelines, and directions issued by the Reserve Bank of India from time to time under the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934 and the rules made thereunder.

This Certificate of Registration is valid unless and until it is cancelled by the Reserve Bank of India.

The issue of this Certificate of Registration does not absolve the company from complying with any other statutory requirements under any other law.

The Certificate of Registration shall be prominently displayed by the Company at its place(s) of business and shall be prominently reproduced in its advertisement(s), if any, inviting deposits from the public.

This Certificate of Registration may be cancelled by the Reserve Bank of India in accordance with the provisions of Section 45-IA(6) of the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934 if:
- The NBFC ceases to carry on business of Non-Banking Financial Institution in India; OR
- The NBFC fails to comply with any direction issued by the Reserve Bank under Section 45JA or Section 45L or Section 45M; OR
- The NBFC is found to have obtained the Certificate of Registration by misrepresentation or suppression of material facts; OR
- Public interest so requires.

---

Issued under the authority of the Reserve Bank of India

Place: Mumbai
Date: October 20, 2015

[SEAL]

_______________________
Chief General Manager
Department of Non-Banking Regulation
Reserve Bank of India
Mumbai


---

IMPORTANT INSTRUCTIONS TO THE COMPANY:

1. This Certificate is non-transferable.

2. Any change in the conditions under which this Certificate was issued shall be immediately reported to the Reserve Bank of India.

3. The Company shall comply with the Master Directions on Non-Banking Financial Companies issued by the Reserve Bank of India and all amendments thereof.

4. The Company shall display this Certificate at a conspicuous place at its registered office and all branch offices.

5. The Company shall mention its RBI Registration Number in all its business correspondence and statutory filings.

6. In case of loss or damage to this Certificate, a duplicate may be obtained from the Reserve Bank of India on payment of prescribed fee and submission of necessary documents.

---

This is a computer-generated document and does not require a physical signature.
Certificate Reference Number: RBI/DNBR/2015/N-14.03268
Generated on: October 20, 2015
